[Docs] ES UI form library (#78654)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/es_ui_shared/docs/docs/form_lib/core/use_field.md

An optional default value for the field. This will be the initial value of the field. The component is not controlled so updating this prop does not have any effect on the field.

**Note:** You can define the field `defaultValue` in different places, [read their differences here](default_value.md).

### config

**Type:** `FieldConfig<FormInterface, ValueType>`

The field configuration.

**Note**: In some cases it makes more sense to declare all your form fields configuration inside a [form schema](use_form_hook.md#schema) that you pass to the form. This will unclutter your JSX.

```js
// It is a good habit to keep the configuration outside the component
// as in most case it is static and so this will avoid unnecessary re-renders.
const nameConfig: FieldConfig<MyForm, string> = {
  label: 'Name',
  validations: [ ... ],
};

export const MyFormComponent = {
  const { form } = useForm(;)
  return (
    <Form form={form}>
      <UseField path="name" config={nameConfig} />
    </Form>
  );
};
```

This configuration has the following parameters.

#### label

**Type:** `string`

A label for the field.

#### labelAppend

**Type:** `string | ReactNode`

An second label for the field.

> When the `<UseField />` is used in pair with one of the helper components provided that wrap the EUI form fields, this prop is forwarded to the `<EuiFormRow />` `labelAppend` prop.  As per [the EUI docs](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/forms/form-layouts): _it adds an extra node to the right of the form label without being contained inside the form label. Good for things like documentation links._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `<UseField />` is paired with one of the helper components that wrap the EUI form fields, this prop is forwarded to the `<EuiFormRow />` `labelAppend` prop.  As per [the EUI docs](https://elastic.github.io/eui/#/forms/form-layouts): _it adds an extra node to the right of the form label without being contained inside the form label. Good for things like documentation links._
```
